hey guys so I'm going to tell you how i
scrunched my hair to get it curly like
this and my hair is naturally wavy but I
feel like when I have it like this it
actually looks like i have natural curly
hair so I'm just going to explain it to
kind of step by step what you do but
after you get out of the shower with wet
hair you are going to scrunch your hair
with curl construct moose this is by
Garnier Fructis and just a little bit I
have really thick hair so I kind of have
to put a lot in all over and just
scrunch it in like this and then you're
going to separate your hair into three
parts and you're going to take a front
part on the left side and a front part
on the right side and then in the back
you'll have a section as well what
you're going to do is you're going to
kind of scrunch it up like this and
literally just like scrunch it into a
ball and twirl it up like this trust me
it's going to look really weird when you
do it like this and you can either take
a clip which I would use a bigger one
than this but you can clip it in like
that or you can just take a hair tie and
do that and I know that looks really
weird but you're going to do that on all
three parts and then once it's up like
that you're going to hairspray it now
it's kind of crazy so when it's up in
the ball you're going to hairspray it a
little bit away from your head all on
all of this buns and this is just herbal
essence hairspray and let it sit let
your buns set in your hair for i usually
do about 20 minutes and then i take it
out when it's still a little bit damp
and i probably put a lot of products in
it but that's to get it to stay as curly
as it is and this is actually Herbal
Essences also this is tussle me softly
spray gel and the stuff smells amazing
and I only have this much left because I
love it so much but then you'll just
split this in everywhere and scrunch
that in your hair and then you'll put a
little bit more hairspray in and
hopefully you guys will get a good curly
scrunch